README.md, before:

# Pentest Tools
A junk drawer of pentest tools - nothing special enough for its own repo. Things in here may be out of date, but if you see something you like that isn't working let me know and I will try to fix it up.

Enjoy!

----------------


## osint
- **sub-recon.sh**: Leverages tools like enumall.py (recon-ng), cewl, etc to do some hardcore subdomain enumeration. Useful for a penetration test or for hunting bug bounties.

## password-cracking
- **extract-hashes.py**: This is used to get a nice, clean, hashcat-usable file from a messy password breach. It takes lines from a file and outputs something like this: `some@mail.com:5d41402abc4b2a76b9719d911017c592`. Currently hard-coded for MD5. Future improvements: add more hash type regexes and provide an argument to specify the hash type you are looking for.
- **simple.mask**: A hashcat mask I've been using based on common corporate passwords I run into. Probably not as good as what comes by default with hashcat, and some of the rules are intense so should be run with a timeout.

## web-tools
- **httpspy.py**: Runs a local HTTP/HTTPS server and logs all incoming requests to the console. Might be useful in odd situations where Burp cannot be used for whatever reason.
- **clone-ssl.py**: Makes a CA keypair sort of like a target. Might be useful in web or mobile app pentesting.

## phishing
- **screenshot-macro**: Macro to add to an XLS as a phishing payload. Captures a desktop screenshot and emails it back to the address variable you set, using the default Outlook profile. Pops a message box at the end saying "Sorry, your account is not authorised to view this data." Works well with a spreadsheet that has an obfuscated section that looks tempting enough to enable content to unlock.

## kali-setup
- **setup-kali.sh**: Configuring Kali Linux after a stock installation.
- **kali-macbook.sh**: Fix some small things (wifi, tilde, etc) when running natively on a Macbook.

## oscp
- **oscp-scan.sh**:  Reads IP addresses from a single file and looks for potential entry points. If you're building a custom OSCP script, perhaps this will give you some ideas. Not that handy in the real world, as there are way better tools available.

Commit message:

added basic auth support for httpspy

README.md, after:

# Pentest Tools
A junk drawer of pentest tools - nothing special enough for its own repo. Things in here may be out of date, but if you see something you like that isn't working let me know and I will try to fix it up.

Enjoy!

----------------


## osint
- **sub-recon.sh**: Leverages tools like enumall.py (recon-ng), cewl, etc to do some hardcore subdomain enumeration. Useful for a penetration test or for hunting bug bounties.

## password-cracking
- **extract-hashes.py**: This is used to get a nice, clean, hashcat-usable file from a messy password breach. It takes lines from a file and outputs something like this: `some@mail.com:5d41402abc4b2a76b9719d911017c592`. Currently hard-coded for MD5. Future improvements: add more hash type regexes and provide an argument to specify the hash type you are looking for.
- **simple.mask**: A hashcat mask I've been using based on common corporate passwords I run into. Probably not as good as what comes by default with hashcat, and some of the rules are intense so should be run with a timeout.

## web-tools
- **httpspy.py**: Runs a local HTTP/HTTPS server and logs all incoming requests to the console. Can do cool things like prompt for basic auth, as well. Use your own cert for HTTPS. Might be useful in odd situations where Burp cannot be used for whatever reason.
- **clone-ssl.py**: Makes a CA keypair sort of like a target. Might be useful in web or mobile app pentesting.

## phishing
- **screenshot-macro**: Macro to add to an XLS as a phishing payload. Captures a desktop screenshot and emails it back to the address variable you set, using the default Outlook profile. Pops a message box at the end saying "Sorry, your account is not authorised to view this data." Works well with a spreadsheet that has an obfuscated section that looks tempting enough to enable content to unlock.

## kali-setup
- **setup-kali.sh**: Configuring Kali Linux after a stock installation.
- **kali-macbook.sh**: Fix some small things (wifi, tilde, etc) when running natively on a Macbook.

## oscp
- **oscp-scan.sh**:  Reads IP addresses from a single file and looks for potential entry points. If you're building a custom OSCP script, perhaps this will give you some ideas. Not that handy in the real world, as there are way better tools available.
